#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Part*
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
General Electron optics
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In order to design a solenoid for focusing an electron beam, must first
 deal with physics of an electron beam and how it's influenced by solenoids
 magnetic field.
 For this one uses electron (accelerator) optics, that describes such behaviour.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Theory
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
El.
 op.
 are quite similar to classic optics, except instead of light rays it deals
 with electron rays (beams).
 Instead of using light refraction due to a different light speed in different
 mediums, it uses electron's interaction with a magnetic or an electric
 field.
 For our case we only consider the first one, that is described by Lorence
 force.
 Another important assumption that's made right in the begginig is that
 we work with high-energy electron (>3 MeV) and electron-electron interaction
 with electron beam can be neglected.
 We treat electron beam as single electron beam, whose radius 
\begin_inset Formula $R$
\end_inset

 is interpreted as rms value of s.
 el.
 beam 
\begin_inset Formula $\sigma=R/2$
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
